in this video we're going to illustrate dot ro and the doctor column properties.
So I've created a new macro here and use of procedure and have named a row.
Underscore column.
We're actually going to illustrate the difference between the dot ro and dot column
property.
So let's say I'm just gonna write rains A to,
uh,
Roh.
Okay.
And I'm just gonna put that inciting message box.
Okay,
So put the inside a message box,
and if I run my macro,
what's gonna happen is that it's gonna give me the row.
Number four.
Sell A to this is sell a two.
Okay,
I'm just gonna color in yellow.
Eso sell a to is actually in the second row.
This is why he produces the number two.
Okay,
now,
if I changed that and put it to be dot column when I run the macro well,
it gives me the value of the column property for that sell.
Sell a two is in the first column.
It's and it's in column a and column ease the first columns.
This is why it produces the number one.
Okay,
these air to simple properties,
But they're very powerful.
And you use them in your Mac rose a lot,
and they are very important to know.
And they actually the dot ro and the dark condom properties.
They were just exactly the same as the row function in Excel.
So if you give a cell to the row function,
it will produce the road numbers of giving it sell a to it produced to.
And also the column function and excel function is which is the column function.
If you give it a cell,
it will output the call number for that sells.
I've given it.
Sell A to it.
It's output it the column number,
which is one because sell a two is in the first call.
Okay,
two simple properties,
but they are very important to know.
So,
thank you guys for watching this video and please follow me onto the next one.